Relief washed over the weary rider as his destination finally emerged from the gloomy, moonlit darkness. He had not at all been certain of the success of this mission, and if he had failed, he would not have lived to regret it. Tree branches creaked at the night’s gentle exhale. It was soft and passive, so unlike the aggressive sucking pops and sloughs of the mud pulling at his mount’s hooves. He shivered beneath his damp cloak and shifted the bundle that was carefully tied about his torso as he repositioned the various weapons worn both openly and secreted beneath his padded leather armor. He reminded himself that if these people had a mind to end him, his weapons and all his years of training and experience would be worthless. The brief respite he felt only moments ago for having reached his goal was short-lived as the persistent doubts that had plagued him from the mission’s onset resurfaced. A flash of heat surged through his blood as an overwhelming anxiety breached his carefully constructed defenses. Loyalty and honor could only take a man so far. His gut churned like a twisting rope winding back upon itself. A noose. But no, these people would not bother with a noose. He would not even see it coming. One moment he would be alive and breathing and thinking, and then he would cease to exist. The rider did not even consider that he might meet the Maker. There was no glory of an afterlife—not for men like him. Any oath-bound who caught the attention of his liege could not hope for his soul’s redemption. After all, loyalty and honor could take a man only so far. As his horse plodded closer to the foreboding fortress, his future’s fortunes once again flashed across his mind. How might he be received? Would his success simply go unremarked as a natural expectation of having fulfilled his duty, despite the trials and transgressions he had suffered? Could he dare hope to be congratulated for his courage and unwavering dedication to his liege? He released a soft grunt. About as likely as me ever meeting the Maker, he thought sourly. If they did not kill him here, it was just as likely he would die upon his return to his liege, having fulfilled his duty. Had his liege finally drawn him into his greatest confidence in assigning him this mission, or was he a loose end, destined to perish in an unfortunate accident? Never did he consider not returning—at least not for more than a breath. If he ran, he would be hunted, and it would not be long before one of them would snuff out his life. The brief days—hours?—of freedom would be filled with terror and dread as he waited for the bleak blackness of the void to consume him. No, running was never an option. Even had there been the slightest chance of success, he could not consider it. He had loyalty and honor, after all. The lone rider took a deep, shuddering breath, steadying his nerves as he covered the final few paces before the solid iron gate. He pulled his mount to a stop and waited. There was no need to pound or call out his presence. They would have known he was here long before he set eyes on the dark citadel. A clank and groan reverberated through the metal goliath that posed as a door, and then it swung open in eerie silence except for the soft swoosh of air being drawn through the passage as it curled around the monstrous structure. Nudging his horse with his heels, he passed through what he was certain was the darkest, blackest shadow he had ever encountered and could not help the shiver that rocked him as he considered the implication of crossing such a veil. A moonlit figure emerged from a shadowed recess before him. Others might call the recess the door to the main hall. To him, it was perhaps a portal to H’khajnak, the demon realm. The restless warrior took a steadying breath and forced his hands to release their tension on the reins. He was not successful in dispelling the tightness in his shoulders or the rest of his body, for that matter. The battle charger snorted and stomped, no doubt picking up on his rider’s anxiety. All the dread and struggles against the dangers he suffered to get here had finally pooled together and were threatening to overcome him. This was not the way an experienced veteran behaved. Perhaps he had finally cracked. Despite the gloom, the moonlight was bright, and the rider could make out most of the features of the approaching figure. He was a middle-aged, stern-faced man whose only two facial expressions appeared to be blank stoicism and scowl. The moonlight reflected off his slightly balding crown but was absorbed into the coarse, dark material of his robe that fell to mid-thigh. The robe draped over a plain tunic and pants of dark color and fastened with a leather belt. If the belt had a buckle, he could not see it, for nothing the man wore reflected any light. With his head covered, he could probably disappear altogether, which was most likely the point. Although no weapons were visible, in this place, it was certain the man was well armed. The man stopped within a few paces but did not invite the rider to dismount. “You brought it?” spoke a quiet, harsh voice. “Yes—” the rider croaked. He cleared his throat and tried again. “Yes, I brought him to you.” The man grunted. “It matters little what you call it—him, if you prefer. It is no longer relevant.” A sliver of the warrior’s terror receded, replaced with indignation. “Regardless of your intentions, you would do well not to forget who he is. You will regret it otherwise.” The robed man nearly chuckled—nearly. “I was unaware you had a gift for prophecy. You had best remember that this,”—he pointed a gnarled finger at the wrapped lump resting against the warrior’s chest—“is not a person. It is a weapon, newly forged and as yet without an edge. Any who meet him will not live to remember it.” “Does that include you?” snarled the rider. His concern for his own welfare was quickly dissipating as the reality of the situation dawned on him. Perhaps he should have run. They certainly would have found him, but surely he could have hidden one small babe somewhere, perhaps with a loving family, before he died. After securing the child’s future, he could have fallen on his own sword to prevent them from torturing him for information. He lightly squeezed the small bundle, eliciting a slight gurgling coo. A cruel smile played across the man’s face as he replied, “I will live to serve my purpose, same as you. Neither of us can expect much more than that. Now, hand him over. He is no longer your concern.