Rezkin decided to follow the road to Justain rather than continue along the river. The road, pitted and overgrown, was not far from the river as it was, and he thought it was unlikely Farson would make the mistake of leaving an obvious trail if he did abandon his boat. It took four long days in the saddle to reach the city. Rezkin was surprised how worn he felt considering he had done little but ride the entire way. His saddle soreness was already dissipating, but his body wanted more action. Rezkin had never gone so many days without endless hours of training. Whenever he would stop, at night, midday, and just before dawn, he would work his muscles and go through various weapon forms. Still, it did not feel like it had been enough. Justain was supposed to be a large city, strategically located both on the River Straei and the East-West Trade Route that stretched from the western coast all the way to the Kingdom of Channería in the East. Merchants flocked to the city to sell their wares, and all kinds of unusual items could be found. At least, that is what the masters had told him. Rezkin, of course, had never been to a city, so the vision in his mind was based completely on paintings, the diagrams he had seen when learning the Siege Skill, and the descriptions of items, dress, and customs learned from his instructors. Absolutely nothing he had learned could have prepared him for the sight before him. Standing upon the slight hill just north of the city, Rezkin could finally behold the might of human ingenuity. Perdony was a speck of dust compared to this fantastical monolith. On the rise in the center was what once was an old fort that dated from the days of the Conquering. The fort had been modified and built upon until it resembled what his masters had called a grand estate. The estate was surrounded by a fifteen-foot wall that enclosed a meandering series of gardens and courtyards. On the far eastern side of the grounds, a row of hedges towered over the boundary of a sprawling garden as if to conceal what was hidden beyond. On the other side of the hedges were several practice fields, two rows of barracks, and stables. Rezkin knew from the maps that this area also contained an armory, smithy, and healers’ quarters, but he could not see them from where he stood now. The original towers and battlements of the old fort no longer stood, having been destroyed during the Conquering, and all of the additions since were primarily decorative for the intent of showing off the wealth and success of the city. Beyond the walls of the estate, the city appeared lopsided and disjointed to Rezkin’s critical eye. The western end of the city was limited in its ability to expand by the river, so the buildings closest to the docks were built one upon the other with no space in between. The warehouses and merchant halls looked sturdy enough, but some of the residences leaned precariously. The layout made little sense where a few roads came to an abrupt end when, seemingly in desperation for space, people decided to simply build more structures across the road. Rezkin mentally grunted at the city planners’ carelessness. The current layout impeded the efficient flow of goods and services, isolated key structures from infrastructure support, such as the fire brigade, and created niches that acted as havens for gangs and thieves’ guilds. The eastern side of the city, having no landforms limiting expansion, sprawled quite a way into the countryside with large mansions and minor estates surrounded by wooded paths and carefully sculpted gardens. The area between the eastern and western districts was where the average commoners, craftsmen, merchants, service providers, and anyone else with enough money to get out of the dockside slums lived and worked. The non-craftsmen and women who were lucky enough to find employment in a lord’s household would live here as well. In line with the northern and southern gates of the city was a wide boulevard that held the shops, stalls, taverns, and inns. While this certainly made trade and travel for visitors easier, Rezkin thought it was a strategically bad idea to provide this kind direct route for enemies to access the main estate. But, since the city’s planning was not up to him, he decided to push the concerns to the back of his mind. At least the entire city had a decent wall around it, with the exception of the break around the docks, of course. It was thirty feet high and made of stone, but was sparsely manned with guards. The masters had told him the guards were mostly for show since the kingdom was not at war, and Rezkin could easily believe it. Rezkin thought he might be able to get an entire battalion across those walls without anyone noticing. Still, the only violence the kingdom saw was feuds between lords over borders or honor or some such, and those battles never came to the cities. Upon reaching the northern gate, Rezkin noticed that everyone who approached did so on foot. As he dismounted behind the last person in line, he watched the proceedings ahead. A pair of guards stood on either side of the gate, which was wide open, and a second set of guards stood to one side speaking with the people who were entering and making notes on a scroll. An old man driving a cart pulled by a donkey entered the line behind him. A very young small-man, with perhaps four or five years, sat on the bench next to the older man and was chattering excitedly. Rezkin turned so that his back brushed up against his horse, and he could see the pair in his peripheral vision. He did not like having people at his back. “Gampa,” said the small-man, “what kind of horse it that?” “Shush,” replied the withered old man. “I don’t rightly know. I ain’t never seen one like it, myself, but I’d say from the stories, it’s a warhorse of some sort.” “Squeeee! Does that mean he’s a hero?” asked the small-man excitedly pointing at Rezkin. Hero? Why does he think I am a hero? I would have to have done something notable to be a hero. “Bah, Braen, not everyone who has a warhorse be a hero. Not every warrior or soldier be a hero neither. Don’t you go thinkin’ men with swords is good men ’cause most of ’em ain’t,” replied the old man. The small-man looked back at Rezkin and caught his eye. He must have seen something that frightened him because his smile fell, and his face went a little pale as he clung to the old man. Rezkin frowned at the small-man’s reaction. He had not done anything to intimidate the small-man. He had not made any threats or hostile gestures. He just stood there. Rezkin thought back to his teachings. The small-man would have few Skills at his age, and that, combined with the old man’s words, might make Rezkin seem intimidating. He had no desire to seem intimidating. Neither the old man nor the small-man had done anything to him, nor were they breaking any laws as far as he knew. He had not been ordered to kill either of them, so they really had no reason to fear him. Rezkin did not think that going around intimidating people with his sheer presence would help him in his purpose. Fitting in with these outworlders was going to be more difficult than he originally thought. Based on the villagers’ reactions and those of the old man and small-man, here, Rezkin was beginning to think that none of these commoners had bothered to practice their Skills. If they had no Skills, then they would be filled with fear and break many of the Rules. How had any of them ever grown big if they had not learned their Skills and Rules? Rezkin brought his attention back to the old man and small-man. He pulled the corners of his lips up into his practiced smile. The small-man immediately loosened his grip on the old man and gave him a tentative smile in return. The old man looked at him speculatively and then nodded in greeting. Hmm, Rezkin thought, the smile seems to reassure others that I intend no harm. Smiling was not a normal facial expression for Rezkin, and simply holding it for the short time he was in the village had made his cheeks hurt. He would have to practice it more often. When Rezkin finally made it near the front of the line, he listened carefully to what the guards were saying to those in front of him. They asked for each person’s name, place of origin, and business in the city. Once the information was provided, the guards waved the people through. Rezkin frowned. What was the point of this? Anyone could give any name and say whatever town and purpose he or she chose. The guards would never know the difference. It seemed like a waste of time and parchment to him. These guards could be doing something useful like practicing their Skills. Rezkin thought about giving a false name, but he was not hiding from anybody. If Farson came to find him, that would make his life much easier. Besides, if the guards noticed his Sheyalins and asked for proof of ownership, it could create greater problems for him. These guards did not appear very observant, but perhaps they were both masters of deception. If he were selecting guards for a city gate, he would definitely post a couple of masters of deception. The first guard was lean with brown hair peeking from under his helm and had a wiry mustache. The second was at least a hand shorter than the first and had a ruddy complexion and bright green eyes. Rezkin stopped before them and waited to be acknowledged. The first finished his scrawling on the parchment and then glanced up. His eyes widened for a moment, as though in recognition, and then he shook his head and continued. “Name?” the guard barked. “Rezkin,” he replied. The guard glanced up at him again with a critical eye. He grunted as he took down the name. “From?” the man asked. “Perdony,” Rezkin answered calmly. Both guards’ eyes locked on him as they took in his attire, weapons, and gear. They examined the magnificent battle charger and then looked back at him with suspicion and disbelief. “You don’t look like anyone from Perdony,” the second guard accused with a hint of hostility. Rezkin’s icy-blue eyes fell on the second guard as he replied, “I am not from the village proper, but it is the closest named settlement to my home.” The first guard grunted and nodded in understanding, “You’re a wilder, eh? You’d be better off saying you’re a wanderer than claiming Perdony. No one here will believe you.” Inclining his head, though still staring the second guard in the eyes, Rezkin replied, “Very well, then, I am a wanderer.” What was the point in asking if they were just going to tell him what they wanted to hear? The first guard grunted again and made a note on his scroll. The second guard could no longer hold Rezkin’s gaze and looked away quickly as though he had seen something interesting farther down the line. The first guard said, “State your business.” Rezkin, satisfied that the second guard had been cowed, looked back to the first and replied, “I am passing through on my way south. I am expecting a comrade of mine, though. He may have arrived sometime in the last week. Is there a way I can find out if he has entered the city?” “You’ll have to go to the main guardhouse for that. The city’s travel records are public information, but you’ll have to look through them yourself,” the first guard informed him. “Thank you, sir.” Rezkin nodded courteously. “You have been most helpful. May I now enter?” “Yes, yes, go on. Don’t cause any trouble,” the guard said as he waved Rezkin through. The second guard was determinedly not looking at Rezkin as he studiously examined the old man in the cart, which was in turn making the old man nervous. Apparently, elderly farmers with noisy small-men required more scrutiny than a warrior covered in weapons and riding a battle charger. Rezkin shook his head. What good was a guard who was too scared to confront a possible threat? Rezkin guided his horse down the main boulevard, taking in all of the new sights, sounds, and smells, all the while developing plans for a quick escape and identifying the most defendable positions in case people decided to attack him. He had been expecting the foul smell. The masters had told him that cities, almost in their entirety, smell like a latrine, and they had been right. The one thing Rezkin had not been prepared for in his studies was the noise. The masters had told him that cities were loud, but he never realized how loud people could be. Small-men were squealing or wailing, merchants were shouting out their wares, and men and women alike were hollering to each other or having boisterous conversations on outside patios. Carts groaned and clanked over the cobblestones, hooves clopped against the hard ground, dogs barked, and doors and windows creaked and slammed as people opened and closed them. Somewhere not far away, Rezkin could hear a blacksmith’s hammer slamming down on an anvil seemingly in concert with the clanging of pots and pans from a nearby inn overlaid by a woman’s voice, not quite in tune, singing a bawdy melody. Never had Rezkin thought to hear so many sounds all at once. Rezkin had learned of all of the inns in the major cities and knew, which would be best to stay in depending on his need. Today, he decided to head to the Golden Cockerel. It was supposed to be a moderate establishment that was clean and well managed. Overall, it was simply average. It was located near the market and was one of the closest to the main guardhouse. Rezkin doubted that Farson would have given his real name upon entering the city, but he could check the records to be certain. If he constantly assumed that Farson would know better, then he would never be able to catch the striker’s mistakes. After five crossroads, Rezkin turned to the right and continued halfway to the next street. There, on his right, was the Golden Cockerel. He examined it closely, taking in all of the small details and ensuring he completely understood the layout of the building and those surrounding it in order to plan his escape routes. A small-man of about fourteen years approached him with a cheeky smile and bowed with a flourish. “Good evening, sir! The Golden Cockerel is the nicest inn on this side of the city. People come from all over to taste our fare. Our stables are dry, and our floors are clean. You couldn’t ask for a better stay.” The small-man paused in his obviously practiced speech and eyed the massive battle charger. With less certainty he asked, “Shall I take your horse?” Rezkin smiled in return, not wanting to scare the small-man off, and considered the question. It had taken him some time to learn the Skills necessary to handle a hardened battle charger. Even now, the horse was huffing and stomping as he eyed the small-man. The small-man’s lack of confidence would get him nowhere with the disgruntled horse. “No, I think I had best see to him, myself,” Rezkin replied. The small-man’s relief was evident, but he also looked as though he was not sure if he should be offended. “I mean no offense, but this horse can be aggressive, especially toward anyone but me.” The small-man smiled and nodded. “Will you be staying with us, then, sir?” “Yes, if you have a room available,” replied Rezkin. “Oh, yes, sir. It is still early enough that they have not filled up. If you bring your horse around, I’ll show you to the stables. I’m Pot, by the way,” said the gangly small-man. “Pot?” asked Rezkin. He had never heard of anyone named Pot. “Yeah, well, it’s short for Potkinally. It’s just easier to say Pot. I don’t know what my ma was thinking when she named me.” The small-man laughed. “Your mother named you?” Rezkin asked with interest. He had never really thought about where he got his name. He wondered if his mother had named him. Pot yanked open the gate to the yard and closed it again after they had gone through. “Yeah, my da was off on the trade route somewheres when I was born, and my ma got tired of calling me the babe, so she went ahead and named me. My da wasn’t too happy about it when he got back, but he couldn’t really say nothin’ since he’d been gone a lot longer than he was s’posed to.” “I see. I am Rezkin. It is a pleasure to meet you, Pot.” “That’s kind of a funny name. Why’d they name you that? Is it cause of your hair?” asked Pot inquisitively. “A man named Pot is saying my name is funny?” asked Rezkin, although he had no idea what his hair had to do with his name. The small-man looked surprised for a moment and then straightened proudly as he said, “Ah, sorry, sir. I didn’t mean offense. There’s an open stall here. You can lock your tack over there in the cupboard. The key’s in the lock. Please, don’t lose it. It’s a hassle to find a lockmaster to get into it and make a new one. There’s only one in the city, you know … the lockmaster, I mean. Everyone wants him to take a few apprentices, but he refuses. He doesn’t want anyone stealing his business, you see?” As the small-man rattled on about various happenings, Rezkin unloaded his belongings and brushed down the horse. “What’s his name?” the small-man finally asked. “What is whose name?” asked Rezkin. The small-man pointed at the battle charger, “Your horse. What’s his name?” Rezkin looked back at the horse in surprise. He had never considered naming a horse. He was not sure why a horse needed a name, but the boy seemed to think it was the normal thing to do. He thought quickly. Just as he was about to speak, the horse lifted his head high and rolled his eyes around to look at Rezkin as if daring him to come up with something strong and proud. “Pride,” Rezkin said. The horse snorted and went back to chomping on the oats and alfalfa the small-man had poured into the feed bucket. He felt a slight tug at the corners of his lips, as if his mouth was about to twist into a smile all on its own. That was odd. “That’s a good name,” said the small-man. “He does seem really proud.” Rezkin gathered his things together and motioned toward the inn. “We can go in, now. You had best stay away from him. He could injure you. I would suggest keeping other horses away from his stall, as well, if possible.” Rezkin then remembered he was supposed to give the small-man a gratuity for his assistance. He pulled a silver from his purse and handed it to the small-man. Pot’s eyes lit up, and he smiled grandly. “Thank you, sir! I’ll keep a good eye on him, but I won’t bother him at all,” Pot said. “I should help you with your things. “I would prefer to carry them myself,” Rezkin replied. Pot’s face fell once again, and he looked put out. Rezkin wondered what he had done to upset the small-man this time. Not knowing what else to do, he decided to give the small-man additional information in case he was confused. “Some of my things are not safe for a small-man to handle if he has not yet learned the Skills,” Rezkin stated. Pot eyed the swords and dagger at Rezkin’s waist and then took in the bow and arrows and crossbow that were strapped to his pack. The rest of the weapons were either hidden on Rezkin’s person or inside the pack. Finally, Pot nodded in resignation and led the way toward the building. Rezkin was satisfied that at least this small-man recognized his own limitations. He was a smart man. They entered the inn through the rear door and headed toward the front common room. Rezkin’s eyes roved over every inch of the establishment, resting on each individual momentarily to assess the threat level. Pot practically skipped up to the bar where a heavyset man wearing an apron stood wiping down mugs. “Master Nol, we have a customer. We took care of his horse already. It’s amazing, Master Nol. I’ve never seen such a horse. His name is Pride. The horse, I mean. The man’s name is Rezkin, and he wants a room.” Pot said all of this in a single breath. “Pot! Stop talking, boy, and let me greet the fellow,” the barman replied. “Greetings,” he paused as his gaze finally landed on Rezkin, “ah … sir. I am Nol, the owner of this fine inn. I understand you would like a room?” Rezkin reminded himself to smile as he replied, “Yes, Master Nol. I will be staying for two nights, perhaps three. I would prefer a room on the east side of the building with a window, if one is available.” Master Nol’s brow furrowed. “I have such a room available. You are young, but I don’t think you wear those swords for show, do you? It’s not the first time I’ve had such a request—always from the warrior types, soldiers and such, you know? It’ll be eight silver per night for the room. That includes dinner and breakfast. It’s another four silver for the horse. A bath will be two silver. We can have your clothes laundered for an added cost, depending on what you have.” “Perhaps we can call it an even twenty-five for everything, including the laundry, for two nights, and I will pay you up front,” Rezkin suggested. His masters had taught him to always haggle the price, even when it was already a good deal, or people would become suspicious. Master Nol nodded and said, “That’ll do. I’ll show you to your room, if you’ll follow me.” Good, it did not seem like this man wanted to quibble over a few silvers, which was just as well because Rezkin did not want to either. The room was just as Rezkin had suspected although a little larger than that to which he was accustomed. It was clean and tidy with a few decorative touches. Rezkin cared little for the adornments. He was more concerned about the ease of setting traps or escaping from such a room. The innkeeper waved him in saying, “This is the room most of your type prefer. They’re always muttering about defensibility and escape routes and such. I don’t know anything about that, but if you do find yourself in a pickle, please take it outside and try not to break anything.” Rezkin forced a smile once again and replied, “You have little need to worry, Master Nol. I have no intention of causing any problems. It is the training, you see.” As he was speaking, he dug through his purse and counted out five silver pieces and two thumps, which were named after the sound they made when dropped on a table and were each equivalent to ten silver pieces. “Yes, well, I hope you enjoy your stay. We will begin serving dinner in about an hour. Shall we have your bath brought up?” “I would be much obliged,” Rezkin stated through his practiced smile. The innkeeper left, and Rezkin set down his pack. He checked every corner and nook of the room for traps and poisons. He searched through his bedding and even pulled back the mattress covers to stab at the straw underneath. Just as he finished replacing the material, he heard a soft knock at the door. He gripped his dagger with one hand and swung the door open with the other, standing off to the side so as not to present an easy target. The young woman waiting in the hall gasped at the abruptness and stood staring at him wide-eyed as a frightened doe. “Move, Roxie! This is heavy,” the small-man behind her said with a huff. Pot beamed at Rezkin from behind the young woman. “Hi, Rezkin! This is Roxiella. She’s the maid and helps out in the kitchen. We’ve brought you your bath.” Rezkin smiled down at the young maid, and her cheeks turned pink as she quickly looked away. What did I do wrong? Had he made her angry? The smile seemed to work on the others. Perhaps it only works with men. He motioned them to enter. They placed the heavy tub in the center of the room and then headed back out saying they would bring up the water. Inside the tub was a basket containing a few bottles of oils, cakes of soap, a scrub brush, and a drying cloth. Waiting patiently while the two scampered up and down the stairs with pails of water, Rezkin began unloading his pack. He piled his dirty clothes next to the door and pulled out his comb and shaving kit, setting them next to the tub. After several long minutes, the tub was sufficiently filled, and the maid turned to him and curtsied. Her face turned pink again as she almost whispered, “Sir, if you leave your laundry outside the door, I’ll see that it’s cleaned.” Rezkin bowed slightly to the young woman and gave her his best court smile as he said, “Thank you, Mistress Roxiella. I will do as you say.” Her pink cheeks turned a darker shade of red, and her lips broke into a giddy smile of her own. She nearly ran from the room. From the doorway came a sudden burst of laughter. Pot grinned back at him. “She likes you,” he said before scurrying off to his own chores. She liked him? When men’s faces turned red, it usually meant they were angry. Then again, he vaguely remembered a lesson on human behavior in which his master told him that men sometimes turned red if they were embarrassed. Was the young woman embarrassed? Why would she be embarrassed to like him? And how could she know if she liked him when they had not even interacted or tested their Skills against each other. Rezkin had always felt it was much easier to gauge a man’s worth after he had sparred with him. This had been his first interaction with a woman who was not a target of his blade, and if she had gone away liking him, then he must have succeeded somewhere. It seemed that women needed a better smile and a softer voice to make them feel comfortable. He would have to remember that in the future. Rezkin stripped off his armor and gathered up the remainder of his dirty clothes into a pile before placing them outside the door. He would have to find something else to put on after his bath. People wore nicer clothes in the city, so he could get away with wearing his dark grey night stealth breeches. He was left with a dark blue silk shirt and a simple white linen tunic. Since he did not want to appear too wealthy and attract attention, he decided to wear the tunic. Few people in the city wore armor, aside from the guards and city watch, and he did not wish to stand out. He could clean and oil the leather gear tonight and forego the armor. It was a risk to expose himself so, but he had to get used to blending in with society. He had known there would be many times when it would not be considered appropriate to don battle gear and had trained for such instances. His masters had made him wear ridiculously flamboyant court dress while dueling, battling insurgents, or conducting stealth operations. Once he was finally washed and dressed with his damp hair combed back into a queue, he strapped his swords to his hips, tucked his dagger into his belt, and secreted a number of knives about the rest of him. The room had a long mirror in one corner, a luxury he was surprised to find in this moderate inn. He surveyed himself to make sure he was fit for his role. After a moment, he realized he no longer knew what role he was playing. When he first left the fortress, he thought he would play the role of a mercenary, but thus far no one had asked for his occupation. Perhaps he did not need to play a role. But, if I am not playing a role, then what am I? Considering his reflection in the mirror, he wondered what he would think of the man in front of him if he were to see him on the street. The man in the mirror looked like someone who had money but did not care to show it. His clothes were of excellent quality but simple enough that most people would not notice. His weapons were plain and unadorned, despite being priceless masterpieces. The man’s silky black hair, pale skin, and pale blue eyes might have been startling if he had not been used to seeing them all his life. His above average height, broad shoulders, and cut physique made him look older than his nineteen years, and he could see why he might appear intimidating to smaller folk. Rezkin was suddenly surprised to realize that the man before him looked dangerous. He had an air of wealth, power and authority but also a confidence and self-assurance such that he did not need to flaunt it. This was the kind of man that people respected simply because his presence demanded it. Is this who I am? He did not think so. He realized that he must have settled into a role on instinct, not even realizing what he was doing. Gathering himself and hiding away the absurd amount of wealth he was carrying around with him, he headed down to the common room for dinner. In his absence, the room had become quite full with patrons enjoying food and drink. It smelled like herbs, roasted meat, and fresh bread. Rezkin’s stomach grumbled, and he realized that he was hungrier than he thought. “Ah, Lord Rezkin, I am glad you could join us for dinner,” Master Nol called out from a few paces away at the bar. The young man nodded and replied, “Thank you, Master Nol, but please, just call me Rezkin.” Master Nol’s smile faltered at the odd request, as if he hoped he had not offended the young man. “Of course … ah … Rezkin. Please have a seat, and I will have a meal brought out to you. Would you like an ale, perhaps?” Rezkin had only had ale, wine, or spirits for training purposes because they were appropriate to consume in certain social situations, but he had never developed a taste for any of them. Glancing around quickly, he realized this was one of those situations when he would be expected to imbibe. “Yes, thank you. Your best, please,” Rezkin replied with a tight smile. He would have preferred water. Upon entering the room, he had immediately taken stock of the occupants and available seating. Now, he strode toward the far side where a small table sat near the hearth. It was not the most ideal seating in the room, but it would suffice. He could observe most of the common room from his seat, and no one was sitting behind him. None of the people around him seemed threatening. An older couple sat with a middle-aged couple on the other side of the hearth, and a young man and woman were seated directly in front of him. A lean man in a flashy silk robe was strumming a lute to his left. The young couple across from him caught his eye again. He had never seen two people behaving in such a way. The man was holding the woman’s hand, and Rezkin wondered if he was restraining her. The woman did not appear to want to get away, though, since she was laughing and smiling. All of their attention seemed to be focused on what the other was saying and staring into each other’s eyes. How could they possibly be watching for threats or listening to subtle changes in atmosphere if they were completely oblivious? And, after one had examined the other’s eyes for a moment, why would he or she possibly need to continue to examine them? It was not as if they were going to change. But, perhaps that was why the man was holding the woman’s hand. Perhaps he was staring into her eyes to gauge the truthfulness of her words, and he kept a grip on her hands to keep her from accessing a weapon. Perhaps this was an interrogation. He had never seen anyone enjoy an interrogation so much, though, and both of the young people’s behaviors did seem to fit the definition of enjoyment. Rezkin realized he was focusing his own attention in one place for too long and went back to surveying the room. After a few moments, a cloaked young woman who entered the bar while he was seating himself turned to survey the room. When her eyes landed on him they widened, and her jaw fell just enough to part her lips. Realizing he had seen her staring, her face flushed, and she quickly looked away. Rezkin mentally kicked himself for forgetting to smile. He did not necessarily want to catch her attention, but he did not want to seem unfriendly or intimidating to people, either. He was, after all, trying to fit in. He kept an eye on the woman as he continued to observe the room for any threats. Finally, she gathered herself and sauntered in his direction. “Excuse me,” she said in a soft but cheerful voice, “I don’t mean to intrude, but there are no more tables available. Might I sit with you?” Dark brown eyes like molasses in the firelight looked at him imploringly from beneath thick black lashes. She had a heart-shaped face and pale skin with just a few freckles dusting her nose and upper cheeks. Wavy brown hair hung past her shoulders over a pale green tunic. Rezkin was surprised to see that the woman was wearing dark brown pants rather than the ridiculous layers of fabric worn by the other women he had seen. She had a long dagger tucked into her belt, but he could see no other weapons. Mentally kicking himself again he plastered on the same courtly smile he had given the maid earlier and said, “Of course, you are welcome to sit with me. I do not believe that I will need both seats for myself.” The woman actually laughed, although he did not know why. Her eyes roved over him for a moment, presumably to assess the threat. He appreciated her observational skills and was relieved to find someone who could at least follow some of the Rules in this strange society. “No, I don’t believe you would. You seem very fit.” Her eyes widened, and she laughed, “I mean, you seem to fit … um … in your seat, that is.” Her face flushed again, and Rezkin remember his Etiquette Skills. He was supposed to stand and assist her in seating herself. He could see why most women needed assistance with even the most basic physical actions with all those layers of fabric in which to get tangled, but this woman was not wearing anything restrictive. Well, the masters had never said this particular rule of etiquette was dependent on the attire, so he stood and pulled her chair out, anyway. The woman smiled up at him and said, “Thank you, you’re such a gentleman.” Well, he supposed that was true. He was attempting to be gentle. He did not want to frighten anyone away, especially if the person did not pose a threat to him. “You are welcome, my lady. My name is Rezkin,” he said as he took her hand and laid a soft kiss across her fingers. The masters had taught him that when in doubt, assume a higher station. Since this woman seemed to be following more of the Rules than the other people he met, he decided she deserved more respect, so he would treat her as a lady until he learned otherwise. “Oh,” the young woman breathed, “I … um … I’m …” She blinked several times as her face flushed again. Was she trying to think of a name? Perhaps she did not want to give him her real name, and she was obviously becoming flustered about it. It did not really matter to him, since they were just sharing a table. He had only introduced himself because it was protocol. Still, he felt a bit disappointed, and he was not sure why. Perhaps it is because I failed at performing to expectation? “It is all right, my lady. You do not have to tell me if you prefer to keep it to yourself. I understand,” Rezkin bowed slightly to show he was not offended. The masters had told him that to not introduce himself properly could be considered an offense, but that did not mean he had to feel offended. He felt a slight tightness in his chest, again, and furrowed his brow in confusion. It had been nearly two weeks since the battle at the fort. Surely he was not still experiencing pain from an injury. “Oh, no!” the woman gasped. Her eyes widened in alarm as she grabbed his hand. He slipped a dagger into his free hand beneath the table and nearly jerked away in defense but managed to stop himself just in time. Outworlders were prone to more nonviolent physical contact than he was used to. “I did not mean to offend you. I’m sorry. It’s just that you surprised me is all.” Rezkin frowned in confusion. He knew it. He had done something wrong. “I surprised you? Did I act inappropriately in some way, my lady?” “No, not at all. Quite the opposite, really. I mean, I’m not a lady. Just Frisha. My name, I mean, is Frisha.” Rezkin smiled, once again relieved that he had not caused her distress, although he still did not know why she had become flustered. “It is a pleasure to meet you, Mistress Frisha.” “Oh, please, don’t call me Mistress. It makes me feel old, and I am only twenty, after all,” she replied just as the maid, Roxiella, brought them their food. Rezkin was actually surprised to hear that the young woman was a year older than he. Roxie smiled shyly at Rezkin and completely ignored Frisha as she set the plates and goblets before them. “We are friends after all,” Frisha continued. That caught his attention. Friends? “We are friends?” he asked. “Well, of course we are! Here we are sharing a meal and having pleasant conversation,” Frisha replied with a soft smile. “It’s a start, right? Being friends, I mean.” Her expressive face communicated both hope and fear. Rezkin mulled over the question in his mind. Rule 1 was to protect and honor his friends. Logically, he would have to start by finding these friends. Perhaps Frisha was a member of a select group, and somehow she managed to identify him as a part of it. Somehow, she knew she was his friend before he did. Had Frisha known he was here or was it just happenstance that they managed to find each other in this big city? No matter how he looked at it, this was certainly a start. He felt a tension release from his shoulders that he had not realized he held. “Yes, it is a start,” he replied. Frisha smiled again and looked down at her food. She suddenly realized she was still gripping Rezkin’s hand and pulled it away quickly in embarrassment. Rezkin slipped the small dagger in his other hand back up his sleeve. The pair ate in silence for several minutes. Rezkin was a little wary of eating the food since it was the first meal he had eaten prepared by someone other than himself since he left the fortress. He mentally went through the list of poisons and antidotes and reminded himself where he had stored each in the pouch at his waist and his pack upstairs. All of the other patrons were eating seemingly without concern, but he hardly considered this to be evidence that it should not concern him.