[Demon Realm—Capital of the Kingdom] Naberius, Lord of the Fire Giants, couldn’t believe his eyes. The horn of his master, kept inside the treasure room for hundreds of years, had broken free from its chest. It was currently hovering in front of him, surrounded by a small, translucent, dome-shaped barrier. The broken horn was quivering, its tip pointing south. Toward the Great Cavern. This was the first time something like this had happened in more than a thousand years. It could only mean one thing: Barkuvara, one of the three most powerful demons in history, was close to waking. Something must have happened to the ice prison for the horn to have such a reaction. Naberius surmised that a crack had finally formed on the seal binding the body of his master. A smile gradually formed on Naberius’ face. “It seems that even the magic of Agreas couldn’t win against the passage of time,” said Naberius. Agreas, also known as Agares among the humans, was the very same demon who sealed Barkuvara during the Descent more than a thousand years ago. And that wasn’t enough for the traitor, he also killed the next demon who ascended the throne. Agreas and his Arzomos Tribe were the scourge of the demon race. The pathetic fools who sided with the humans. Throughout the centuries, various demon tribes had tried killing the Arzomos, but they failed every time. Even the high demons couldn’t do anything when faced with absolute power. Agreas and Kel’ Vual—the current tribe leader of the Arzomos—were simply too strong, despite their age and the injuries they’d sustained throughout numerous battles. But Naberius was certain that the Demon Realm would soon be turned upside down. Agreas and Kel’ Vual were reaching the end of their lives. And the moment his master woke up, the Arzomos Tribe would finally be wiped off this land. Naberius called for one of the demons under his command. “You called for me, My Lord?” “Send a message to all of the tribe leaders. Tell them that a chance to unseal my master, the Demon Lord Barkuvara, has come.” The servant trembled. “R-Right away!” *** After receiving the message from the Lord of the Fire Giants, the leaders of the various demon tribes scattered all throughout the Demon Realm gathered in the capital. This was the greatest news they’d received for several centuries. In the grand hall of Naberius’ castle, seven powerful demons gathered around a round table. The Lord of the Sky Demons, Malphas. The Lord of the Corrupted Land, Digtree. The Lord of the Parasitic Demons, Plagas. The Lord of the Wraiths, Azrath. The Lord of the Sea Demons, Xazal. The Lord of the Red Tower, Elrenar. And lastly, the former right hand of the demon sealed inside the ice prison: The Lord of the Fire Giants, Naberius. Although several lords from minor tribes hadn’t answered Naberius’ call, the number of those gathered had already exceeded Naberius’ expectations. He hadn’t even expected six tribe leaders to show up. With this, it should be possible to pull off his plans. “First, I must thank every one of you for coming to the capital,” said Naberius. Although his real appearance was that of a fifty-meter fire giant, he’d shrunk himself to human size to live in the capital. The Lord of the Red Tower, Elrenar, clicked his tongue. “Stop with the pleasantries. All of us have already read the message.” The Lord of the Sky Demons, Malphas, nodded her head in agreement. “You’ve told us that Barkuvara is going to wake up soon. The horn, show us.” Naberius had anticipated that the tribe leaders would demand to see the broken horn of his master. He took out a chest and opened it, revealing the broken horn which floated up slowly. All of the tribe leaders stared intently at the broken horn, at its quivering body, and at its tip, pointing in the same direction as the Great Cavern. The place where the Arzomos village was located. The place where Barkuvara had been sealed by Agreas. “It’s real,” the Lord of the Red Tower finally said. “Of course.” Naberius closed the chest tight. “Naberius, are you planning on attacking the Arzomos?” said the Lord of the Red Tower. “That’s right.” Naberius looked at every one of the tribe leaders in the room. “The horn of my master is proof that he is close to waking up. All that’s left is an outside interference. The seal has greatly weakened. It should be easy now to destroy it from the outside. Furthermore, the portal to the Human Realm is also located inside the Arzomos village. If we succeed in this plan…” The tentacles of Plagas—the Lord of the Parasitic Demons—squirmed from uneasiness. “The Arzomos are still guarding it. Although there are fewer than a hundred, Agreas and Kel’ Vual alone are enough to kill all gathered here in this room.” “Agreas suffered grave injuries when he killed the Demon Lord Kalkarus. Although several hundred years have passed, it should still be impossible for him to have fully recovered from that battle,” said Naberius. “The only real threat is Kel’ Vual. That old demon who’s close to reaching the limit of his lifespan.” Now that they thought of it, Naberius had a point. Although Agreas and Kel’ Vual were monsters capable of sealing one of the three strongest Demon Lords in history, they had become too old. Furthermore, Agreas had suffered grave injuries during his battles with the Demon Lords Barkuvara and Kalkarus. He was nothing but a shell of his former prime now. “My tribe has run out of lands to corrupt,” said Digtree, the Lord of the Corrupted Land. “The portal to the human land protected by the Arzomos sounds… enticing.” Xazal, the Lord of Sea Demons, shook her head in dismay. “I came here with high expectations. But, Naberius, if you do not have a concrete plan to win against the Arzomos, my tribe will opt out of this war.” “Your father led the vanguard army during the Great War. It seems that unlike him, his daughter grew up as a coward,” sneered the Lord of the Corrupted Land. Xazal raised her long, scaly tail and pointed its tip threateningly at Digtree. “Unlike you, my tribe will not benefit from this war. The sea of the Demon Realm is vast. We have no need for the portal to the human land. Consider this: Even if Agreas is old and injured, he’s still the demon who sealed the Demon Lord Barkuvara and killed Demon Lord Kalkarus. Don’t be foolish! All of you will die if you attack the Arzomos village now.” “That remains to be seen. And think about this, Xazal, you and your tribe will lose the favor of Barkuvara when he wakes,” said Malphas. “It doesn’t matter.” Xazal stood up, unperturbed by the Lord of the Sky Demons’ remark. She looked at Naberius for a moment, then left the room, leaving the six tribe leaders behind. Naberius was untroubled despite this, as though he’d expected at least one of them to leave. “If there is anyone else who wishes to leave…” Naberius said as he scanned the faces of everyone in the room. “Only short-sighted fools like Xazal will opt out of this war even after seeing the broken horn,” said Elrenar. “The Red Tower will send two hundred thousand demons. But under one condition.” “A condition,” said Naberius. “What is it?” Elrenar licked his lips. “The bodies of Agreas, Kel’ Vual, and the rest of the Arzomos. I want them.” Naberius had heard that Elrenar had been conducting a lot of gruesome experiments in the Red Tower for several hundred years now. He’d even heard that they’d managed to create the perfect chimera—a strong yet obedient monster capable of killing a high demon. Under normal circumstances, Naberius wouldn’t have enlisted help from this lunatic. But the Red Tower was among the most reliable forces in the land right now. “I promise to intercede on the Red Tower’s behalf once my master wakes up,” said Naberius. “As long as the master permits it, the bodies of all the Arzomos will belong to the Red Tower after the war.” Elrenar grinned and laughed. “Don’t go back on your word, Naberius! Finally! The corpse of an Arzomos!” Naberius locked eyes with Malphas. She said, “I will mobilize all of the sky demons under my command.” Naberius was satisfied with her answer. “My master is benevolent. You shall be handsomely rewarded for this favor,” said Naberius. “I’ll look forward to it,” said Malphas, her voice soothing to the ears. Plagas rubbed his chin with his tentacles. He was still reluctant. After all, the Arzomos Tribe was among the three strongest tribes in the Demon Realm. Should he participate in this battle and earn the favor of Barkuvara? As the weakest tribe leader in this room, Plagas was not confident of surviving if the leader of the Arzomos chose to target him. Plagas carefully considered the pros and cons of the battle. Eventually, he came to a decision. “Very well,” Plagas said. “My parasitic demons will also lend their strength in this war.” The Lord of the Corrupted Land touched the table using his fingertips. The part that made contact with his fingers formed cracks, before turning to dust. “My interest lies not in the demon sealed in the ice prison,” said Digtree. “The portal to the Human Realm. I want unrestricted access to it.” “Consider it done,” said Naberius. He turned to the last tribe leader, who’d remained silent until now—Azrath, the Lord of the Wraiths. Seeing Naberius’ gaze, Azrath closed his eyes as he hesitated for a moment. He reluctantly said, “The wraith army will lend their aid to help unseal the Demon Lord Barkuvara.” Naberius understood the reason behind Azrath’s hesitation. His master held animosity toward the wraiths before he was sealed by the Arzomos, over a thousand years ago. It was surprising that the Lord of Wraiths was participating in this attack since they’d suffered a lot during the reign of the Demon Lord Barkuvara. “Like I said previously, the master is benevolent,” Naberius reiterated to Azrath. “He will surely return this favor.” Azrath finally relaxed. This was obviously what Azrath had been hoping for. Since it was only a matter of time before the Demon Lord woke up, the wraiths probably deemed it best to participate in unsealing Barkuvara, lest they suffer from his tyranny once again. No matter how cruel Barkuvara was, he still held the pride of an absolute ruler. He would surely show favor upon the tribes who helped unseal him from the ice prison. Naberius spread his arms wide and declared, “And finally, my army. More than ten million lesser demons from the capital, and three hundred fire giants. A week from now, we shall launch an attack on the Arzomos village.” Naberius paused and looked at everyone in the room. “This time, we shall unseal the demon trapped in the ice prison.” ... ... ... The eighty-seven remaining members of the Arzomos tribe were inside the Great Cavern, where the ice prison was located. After their sentries spotted the massive army headed their way, Agreas, the Elder of the tribe, issued an order for everyone to gather. “I’m sure every one of you is aware of this already,” said Agreas. “A massive army is headed here as we speak.” Every one of the Arzomos held grim faces as they listened to the Elder. Agreas touched the ice prison, and using his fingertips, traced the cracks that had formed on it several days ago. Grey-black wisp seeped out of the cracks. “Thankfully, Kel’ Vual and I have been preparing for this day for hundreds of years,” said Agreas. “All for the sake of the survival of the Arzomos tribe.” Agreas looked at the current tribe leader of the Arzomos. A muscular demon with numerous tattoos on his body. “Isn’t that right, Kel?” Kel’ Vual clenched his fists. “Is this really what you want, Agreas? I don’t mind dying here with you in this war.” Agreas smiled and shook his head. “If you die, who will lead the survivors of our tribe? Unlike a crippled demon like me, you are still needed by the tribe. Kel, you know more than anyone else; you must survive.” The tribe leader’s shoulders shook upon hearing those words. “Luvart,” Agreas said to the young Arzomos next to the tribe leader. “You still remember the dungeon we built underneath the lake, right?” “Yes, Elder.” “Jaraxus should have raised several nests by now,” said Agreas. “Seek her help. Lead our people there. That dungeon will be our tribe’s haven.” “I will do my best to lead them to the dungeon, Elder!” Luvart said resolutely. Although he wanted to stay behind and defend the Great Cavern until his body turned to dust, he decided to heed the Elder’s commands. The Elder had decided to be the one to stay behind to alter the portal. It was apparent that he planned on dying here, for the sake of their tribe’s survival. Looking back, Luvart realized the extent of the Elder’s insight. Realizing that the ice prison had greatly weakened and the sealed demon would awaken imminently, the Elder quickly formulated a plan to ensure their tribe’s survival. A few hundred years ago, the Elder entered the portal and journeyed through the Human Realm. In exchange for helping a human found his own kingdom, the Elder was given free rein and support over a piece of land. The Elder created a vast dungeon filled with monster-producing nests, which would serve as its guardians. A dungeon underneath a lake. “Use this key to open the entrance to the dungeon.” Agreas handed Luvart a gemstone with inscribed runes. “Under normal circumstances, the entrance would only open during a full moon to limit the escape of the monsters created by the nests. But as long as you have that key with you, it should be possible to enter.” Luvart carefully stored the key inside his pouch. He bowed to the Elder. “This key, I’ll use it well.” Agreas gazed fondly at Luvart. The child had really grown splendidly. His resolve was more than enough for him to be called a warrior. “Kel, I’ll leave the young ones in your hands.” Kel’ Vual placed his hand on Agreas’ shoulders and gripped it tight. “If you’re going to die, at least take Naberius with you. It’s about time for that bastard to die.” Agreas chuckled. “Of course. I plan on doing exactly that. The demon army will be here soon. Go.” The members of the Arzomos tribe clenched their fists and struck their chests in salute. “We will never forget what you’ve done for us, Elder!” “We shall always be grateful for everything, Elder Agreas!” After the warm farewells, the members of the Arzomos tribe started entering the portal deep within the cavern. After the last Arzomos had escaped, Agreas proceeded with his next plans. Agreas activated the magic formations he and Kel’ Vual had been painstakingly creating for hundreds of years. Five thirty-meter magic circles came to life and started absorbing mana from the mana well below. Five pinnacle-grade spells wrapped around the two-hundred-meter portal and forcefully shrank it to a third of its size. After suppressing the portal, Agreas skillfully altered its coordinates. Even if by chance it became fully functional again, the demons that entered would find themselves right in the middle of the ocean, far away from human lands. “I really wish I could see it,” Agreas laughed, “the look of despair on their faces when they try to enter the portal.” Agreas still hadn’t fully recovered from the injuries he’d sustained in his battles against Barkuvara and Kalkarus. He knew that the moment he severed the pathway connecting the portal to the mana well underground, he would be left with little energy to fight against the massive army outside. But this was something that must be done before he died. Agreas touched the portal, and using his own mana, controlled the pinnacle-grade spells and started severing the pathway connecting the mana well to the portal. The pathway resisted at first, but with Agreas’ skillful guidance, it was eventually destroyed. The portal shrank even further the moment it lost its largest source of mana. Soon, it was only big enough to accommodate three carriages. Agreas stared in satisfaction at his creation. Without the mana well to fuel it, and with five pinnacle-grade spells suppressing it, only a limited number of demons would be able to cross over to the Human Realm. Smaller demons could probably enter, but it would be impossible for large demons to enter the Human Realm. Before leaving the Great Cavern, Agreas cast one last look at the creature sealed within the ice prison. He knew that this would be the last time he would be seeing this demon. *** Naberius and the other tribe leaders led the massive army marching toward the Great Cavern. If they included the flying demons in the sky, almost fifteen million demons were participating in this war. At the rear of the massive army were hundreds of thirty-meter tall fire giants. Holding a wooden cane in his hand, Agreas stood right outside the Arzomos village as he watched the marching army close the distance. When the demon army was only several hundred meters from the village, Naberius ordered everyone to halt. The lesser demons, flesh eaters, tormentors, parasitic demons, and wraiths stopped in their tracks. The sky demons hovered in the sky. Sitting on the shoulder of a fire giant, Naberius looked at the old demon standing at the entrance of the village. He amplified his voice with magic. “It’s been a while, Agreas.” Agreas also amplified his voice using a spell. He said in an unhurried, calm voice, “Indeed. How many years has it been?” Naberius looked at the village. For some strange reason, it felt unnaturally empty. “I don’t see Kel’ Vual and the other Arzomos,” said Naberius. “Kel and the young ones left this village some time ago. You won’t find them here, Naberius.” “They fled the village?” Naberius couldn’t believe it. Had he known that this demon, close to death, was the only one guarding the entrance to the Great Cavern, he wouldn’t have bothered bringing all of the tribe leaders here. He believed that the hundreds of fire giants and several millions of lesser demons from the capital would have been enough to suppress Agreas. “Fled? No, I asked them to leave the Demon Realm,” corrected Agreas. “The warriors of our tribe are no cowards. Had I not insisted that they leave the Great Cavern in my hands, those brave warriors would have fought with me until their bodies turned to dust.” Naberius was no fool. He realized that Agreas had done something to the portal. He wouldn’t have been as confident revealing that the other Arzomos had left this realm, otherwise. “You! What did you do to the portal?” snarled Naberius. “I wonder?” Agreas chuckled as he lightly tilted his head to the side. “Naberius, what would happen if the pathway connecting the portal to the mana well is cut?” Naberius shuddered. The answer was simple: the portal would continuously shrink in size, until it became small enough to prevent anyone from crossing over to the other realm. Although closing the portal completely was impossible, cutting the supply of mana coming from the mana well was more than enough to limit entry into the portal. But how did Agreas do it? Cutting the pathway connecting the mana well to the portal was no easy feat. Naberius was enraged. “This old demon! Until the very end, you chose to side with those humans! This damn traitor!” Naberius released the restriction spell binding his body. Slowly, he turned into a fifty-meter tall fire giant—almost twice the size of the regular fire giants at the rear of the army. Naberius’ golem body was filled with flowing, molten lava, and fire continuously spewed out of the sockets of his eyes. Two large horns protruded from his forehead. With a voice far deeper than before, he roared, “Kill him!” The fire giants at the rear of the army also roared, and the sky demons above screeched. The flesh eaters jumped toward Agreas as the parasitic demons started burrowing themselves underground. Naberius sent a telepathic message to the Lord of the Sky Demons. “Fly over the village and enter the Great Cavern. I’ll keep Agreas occupied.” Malphas nodded her head and replied, “Understood.” She flapped her wings then swooped down, but before she could even cross the village, a massive barrier suddenly appeared and barred her from entering the Great Cavern. The pinnacle-grade barrier—Heaven’s Dominion—had been activated and was currently protecting the Great Cavern. Malphas fired several spells at it, but the barrier wouldn’t even budge. Agreas grinned. “We’ve been preparing for this day for hundreds of years. Fools.” He roused the mana and miasma in his body and forcefully opened all of the pathways within his core. Like a raging river, mana gushed out of Agreas’ body and amplified his strength severalfold. Agreas’ twig-like limbs grew bulkier, and the tattered wings on his back grew in size. Without uttering another word, Agreas shot toward Naberius, reaching him in seconds. He grabbed his head, and despite the vast difference in size, slammed it toward the ground, creating a large crater upon impact. The speed displayed by Agreas far exceeded anything they’d expected. Even the Lord of the Fire Giants couldn’t react to his attack. All of the demons who saw it were stunned at the surreal sight. A two-meter large demon had just thrown the fifty-meter giant to the ground. And Agreas didn’t stop. Before Naberius could even stand up, a massive ball of energy had already formed in Agreas’ hand. The ball of energy shot toward Naberius and upon making contact with his body, exploded into numerous shards of ice. The fire shrouding the body of Naberius was rendered useless, as the ice continued encasing the Lord of the Fire Giants’ body. “H-Hey, you’re kidding right?” said Malphas. She’d heard that Agreas had never fully recovered from the injuries he’d sustained during the Great War. But what’s this? He took out Naberius with just two attacks. “What are you fools doing?” Naberius shouted to all the demons around him. “Help me!” The sky demons swooped and attacked Agreas from all sides. Several parasitic demons shot out of the ground and tried ensnaring Agreas’ body, while the tormentors swung their axes at him. And all of them missed their target. To their surprise, Agreas suddenly vanished. Malphas shuddered, her instinct was screaming that she should fly far away from this battlefield. She looked back, and to her horror, saw Agreas right next to her. Malphas released a flurry of attacks using her claws, but they did nothing but scratch the body of the old Arzomos. Agreas grabbed Malphas’ hand. “W-Wait! Listen to me!” said Malphas. Her hand quickly turned into ice, and the freezing cold flowed through her whole body. She was certain that at this rate, she would meet the same fate as the Lord of the Fire Giants. “Protect me!” Malphas shrieked at the top of her lungs. Several sky demons heeded her call. They flew toward Agreas at a frightening speed, but the old Arzomos simply summoned thousands of ice spears and shot them toward the sky demons. The sky demons who were impaled by the spell turned to ice, dropped from the sky, and shattered upon striking the ground. Malphas was horrified at this sight. Unlike the Demon Lord Barkuvara, the Immortal Demon, she wouldn’t survive the moment her body turned to ice. Malphas squirmed as she tried breaking free from Agreas’ spell, but her body—half-frozen by the spell—refused to listen. Eventually, her whole body turned to ice. Agreas clenched his fist, drew his arms back, and struck her with all his might. Malphas’ frozen body shattered into numerous shards of ice upon impact, before falling toward the ground. She saw the Lord of the Red Tower grinning as he watched her falling from the sky. The Lord of the Parasitic Demons had already hidden himself underground—as expected of a coward. The Lord of the Corrupted Land started summoning a corrupted tower. Only the Lord of the Wraiths tried to help her and Naberius, whose body was now almost completely encased in ice. Damn it. Had she known that she would meet a pathetic end here, she would have opted out of this war. Moments before her death, she cussed at the other tribe leaders. ... ... ... Although he looked perfectly fine on the outside, Agreas could feel that his core was reaching its limit. The amount of mana he’d expended when he altered the portal, coupled with the injuries he’d sustained during the Great War had taken their toll on his body. “I’ve become too old,” he muttered to himself. He remembered the times when he was still in his prime. As a demon who specialized in ice magic, he was tasked by the former tribe leader to investigate the Frost Mountains of Yleonor over a thousand years ago. And there, he met that human. Looking back, it was indeed one of the most exciting moments of his life. He remembered the times when they journeyed through Marut and visited various monster settlements in the wasteland. They ate together, fought together. A bond that transcended the boundaries of both races. “With this, I’ve fulfilled my promise to him.” Agreas gently smiled as he reminisced. He looked at the flock of sky demons surrounding him and at the sea of demons below. Now that he’d managed to take down Malphas and Naberius, he decided to end everything using the strongest spell he could muster in his current state. He decided to take as many enemies down with him as possible. Agreas started casting his spell and a colossal magic formation that covered a large portion of the sky manifested itself. Without hesitation, he poured all of his remaining mana into it, wringing his core dry in the process. The magic formation continued sucking the torrent of mana coming from Agreas. Slowly, Agreas’ muscular body reverted to its former twig-like state. He didn’t stop, even when he became nothing but skin and bones, even when the sky demons started attacking him and cutting his body with their claws. And finally, the spell was activated. The magic formation glowed brightly for a moment, shattered into numerous particles of light, and turned into a massive spinning vortex of ice. “I’ll take at least half of you with me,” said Agreas. This was his farewell gift, as the Elder of the tribe, to the other Arzomos who’d managed to escape. He clasped his hands together as though in prayer and willed the ice vortex to swallow everything in sight. The sky howled as a massive hailstorm struck the region and quickly froze everything it touched. Even the fire giants, who’d been trying to break Naberius free from the ice, were helpless against the attack. Several dozen of them managed to run away on time, but more than a hundred instantly turned to ice. The leaders of the army issued the order to retreat, but it proved futile. The wraiths and tormentors quickly managed to move back, but most of the lesser demons, flesh eaters, and a third of the parasitic demons couldn’t evade the attack. Even the corrupted tower that had been summoned by the Lord of the Corrupted Land froze before it could infest the ground. Eventually, the ice vortex vanished and the hailstorm receded, revealing millions of frozen demons in its wake. The demons who saw this sight shuddered not just from the cold, but from sheer terror. They wondered how strong that old demon had been in his prime. So, this was the might of the demon who sealed the Demon Lord Barkuvara and killed the Demon Lord Kalkarus. Even the Lord of the Fire Giants and the Lord of the Sky Demons were rendered helpless against his might. They looked up to the sky and saw the demon who’d cast the catastrophic spell. He looked so shriveled, as though the spell sucked not only his mana but also his remaining lifeforce. The old demon wobbled in the air, lost consciousness, and finally fell toward the ground. “As expected of the one who sealed the Immortal Demon.” Elrenar, the Lord of the Red Tower, chuckled. His three faces, which had been stitched together, were smiling broadly. The first face was that of a lesser demon, the second was that of a beastman, and the third a grotesque-looking monster. It was a well-known fact in the Demon Realm that the Lord of the Red Tower used to be a lesser demon before he became the monster he was today. But unlike those mindless brutes, Elrenar had been blessed with intellect far surpassing his peers. Despite being a lesser demon, using his own abilities, he rose in rank and eventually founded the Red Tower. A place where he conducted experiments to satiate his never-ending thirst for knowledge. Due to the limit in the lifespan of a lesser demon, Elrenar even went as far as merging himself with the body of a windigo—an ancient monster who could live for thousands of years. Even the beastman head he’d been using was a prominent figure who’d lived more than a thousand years ago. A beastman who once united all of the beastmen tribes. Unlike the other tribe leaders, Elrenar had expected something like this to happen when he’d heard that only Agreas remained in the village. He ordered the tormentors under his command to move toward the rear of the army, preventing most of them from being swept up by the spell. Unlike the other armies, his tormentors were practically untouched. ‘My beloved pet. Secure the body,’ Elrenar gave a mental transmission to the creature hiding underground. The creature had the head of a death worm, the body of a gryphon, and the core of a high-ranking parasitic nest. A chimera. The culmination of all the research Elrenar had done in the Red Tower. The strongest creature he had ever created. Elrenar was confident of surviving this war accompanied by this monster. Under Elrenar’s command, the chimera quickly moved underground, as though it was running on flat ground. It unburrowed itself next to where Agreas’ body landed. Using its mouth filled with serrated teeth, it grabbed the unconscious body and brought it to its master. The chimera gently placed the body of the unconscious old demon on the ground and gazed at its master with expectant eyes. “Good work.” Elrenar stroked the monster’s head as he looked at the unconscious body lying on the ground. Finally, he’d obtained the body of an Arzomos. And not just anyone—he’d obtained the body of one of the strongest in the tribe. Judging by Agreas’ withered body and the faint mana oozing out of him, this old demon had very little time left to live. Since he was going to die anyway, why not become the Lord of the Red Tower’s fourth head? Elrenar could already imagine how powerful he would become once he’d merged with this demon. “Elrenar, we should kill him while we still have the chance,” said the Lord of the Corrupted Land. Elrenar said, “No. It’s up to me to decide what will happen to this Arzomos.” The Lord of the Corrupted Land glared at Elrenar. “Don’t be a fool. Didn’t we agree beforehand that we’ll be killing all of the Arzomos!” Elrenar haughtily replied, “Now that Naberius is dead, we’re free to do whatever we want. This body, it’s mine. Instead of grabbing my prey, shouldn’t you focus on breaking the huge barrier protecting the Great Cavern instead?” Indeed, right now, the pinnacle-grade barrier was still protecting the cavern. The Lord of the Corrupted Land didn’t like what Elrenar was saying. In a deep voice, he spat, “Kill him. You’ve seen how dangerous that old demon could be.” Although Elrenar could merge with an already dead body, according to his research, merging with a creature on its deathbed would always produce the most ideal results. “I will,” said Elrenar. “But not until I’ve merged with the body of this Arzomos.” The Lord of the Corrupted Land was clearly dissatisfied with Elrenar’s reply, but seeing the chimera by his side, he backed down. He clicked his tongue. “Do what you want.” The Lord of the Corrupted Land looked around the battlefield. He roared, “Plagas! Where are you! Come out!” From the ground, a tentacle demon squirmed out. “You damn coward! There you are!” said the Lord of the Corrupted Land. Plagas looked left and right. He stuttered, “I-It’s over, right? He’s… He’s dead, right?” “How long are you going to keep hiding? Azrath already started breaking the barrier.” Plagas looked at the entrance of the Arzomos village. Azrath had summoned tens of thousands of phantasms—a higher form of wraith—and ordered them to simultaneously attack the barrier protecting the cavern. Even the sky demons, flesh eaters, and the fire giants that had managed to survive started attacking the barrier. Still, despite the number of demons trying to break it, the pinnacle-grade spell refused to budge an inch. It started forming cracks—but that was it. “That barrier was probably created using the mana from the mana well,” Elrenar concluded. “It’s even more powerful than your typical pinnacle-grade spell.” Plagas looked at Elrenar, and upon seeing the withered demon he was carrying over his shoulder, he shrieked in terror. Color drained off his greasy face. “T-That’s! What are you doing? Why is that monster still alive?” shouted Plagas, his tentacles pointing at the unconscious demon Elrenar was carrying. “Calm down, fool. He destroyed his core with that last attack,” said Elrenar. “Even a weakling like you should be able to kill him right now.” Although Plagas had several complaints, he chose to shut his mouth. The chimera sitting next to the Lord of the Red Tower was too domineering. He was afraid of becoming its meal if he overstepped his bounds. Although Plagas was a high demon, he was still the weakest among the tribe leaders gathered here right now. Elrenar grinned as he looked at the barrier. “Now, let’s free the so-called Immortal Demon, shall we?” Elrenar issued out his commands. The hundreds of thousands of tormentors under his command, along with the chimera, joined in with the attack. *** [Behemoth City—Capital of the Kingdom] It had been several months since the king’s health had recovered. Thus, he decided to partake in the hunting competition, held annually at the end of spring. At the forest edge near the capital, just outside the barrier, over a hundred nobles gathered. Accompanied by a guard and a few servants, they all held bows—while some of the younger ones brought knives and swords. “There are a lot more nobles attending the competition this year,” remarked Marquis Carlos. The retired general stood by the king’s side and served as his personal guard. “Disgusting turncoats. Now that Duke Kelvin’s imprisoned in the dungeon and His Majesty has recovered his health, they’re trying to jump to the royal faction.” “Isn’t that a good thing?” King Alvis said wisely, “Even if it’s only a pretext, as long as it brings peace to our people, shouldn’t we embrace it with open arms? When we were young, didn’t you hate me too, Carlos?” Marquis Carlos didn’t expect the king to bring up the past like this. He awkwardly scratched his stubble. “I was still a kid back then, Your Majesty.” King Alvis chuckled. “You even pointed your sword at me. What was it again? ‘You don’t deserve to be the crown prince! Someone like you! The spawn of that tyrant king!’” The king skillfully mimicked the way Marquis Carlos had threatened him. Seeing the flushed face of the retired general, the king laughed heartily. Marquis Carlos lowered his head and gazed at the ground in embarrassment. King Alvis patted his lifelong friend on the back. “But look at us now. We’ve been friends for four decades, right? These nobles too. Let’s give them a chance.” King Alvis looked to where most of the nobles had gathered and saw several familiar faces. “Carlos, what is the best archer of the kingdom doing here, in a hunting competition?” said the king. Marquis Carlos frowned. “I didn’t invite Farsight, Your Majesty. He’s never attended a hunting competition before. That man… he hates crowded places.” Elias ‘Farsight’, the best archer of the kingdom and one of the royal court magicians, was walking toward the king. Beside him were Priestess Thea and Lady Ropianna. The other nobles, who’d been preparing for the hunt, momentarily stopped and stared at the new arrivals. The three paid their respects and greeted the king. “I didn’t realise that the three of you enjoy hunting competitions,” said the king. Farsight remained silent. Priestess Thea smiled and shook her head. She said, “Lady Ropianna here requested we accompany her to this event, Your Majesty.” “Ropianna did?” said the king. Lady Ropianna slowly nodded her head. In her usual raspy voice, she said, “I’ve received a revelation from the Water God, Your Majesty.” The elderly female magician looked around her for a moment, as though afraid of other people hearing her next words. “Although it was not clear, the Water God told me to accompany you today, Your Majesty. And to bring the priestess with me,” said Lady Ropianna. “It’s rare, even for me, to receive a lengthy message from God Nereus. Something of great importance will probably happen today, and that’s why I forced Farsight to come and guard this place.” Although Elias ‘Farsight’ remained as stoic as ever, as though he wasn’t even interested in the Water God’s revelation, he’d been constantly watching the surroundings should any danger arise. “With Elias here, nothing too dangerous should happen,” said the king. “But it makes me wonder… For the Water God to ask all of these people to gather here at this moment.” Baron Morivar, the chosen host for this year’s hunting competition, approached the King, bowed his head and obsequiously said, “Your Majesty, everything is ready.” Under normal circumstances, very few nobles would have attended this year’s hunting competition since it was being hosted by a mere baron. But the sudden declaration of the king that he would be overseeing the competition made the nobles sign up for this event. Although they obviously came to build deeper connections with the ever-growing royal faction, Baron Morivar was still pleased that the event he was hosting had been such a huge success thus far. Prestige was of great significance for the nobility. After hosting this event, Baron Morivar could proudly boast to the other nobles that King Alvis attended the hunting competition he’d hosted. King Alvis went up the dais and said to all of the nobles, “It’s been several years since I last attended the annual hunting competition.” The voice of King Alvis was soft and unhurried, but it held an authoritative air. The nobles could clearly see that he’d indeed regained his vitality. “When I received the letter of invitation from Baron Morivar here”—the king looked at the baron, smiled, then gazed at the nobles gathered around the dais—“I realized that it’s been a while since I enjoyed a hunt. I’ve got to say, Baron Morivar has done a great job organizing this event.” Baron Morivar raised his head upon hearing those words. After his second son, Omie, joined the small group led by the trash of the Marcus Duchy, their family had been losing their prestige. Maybe with this hunting competition, the Morivar Family would be able to recover the reputation they’d lost due to the black sheep of the family. “As much as I miss the thrill of a hunt, I’m afraid that I can’t join the competition this time.” King Alvis stretched his arms wide. “We’ve released fifteen silver foxes and five red boars in the forest. It should be easy to identify them with the tags on their necks. Your goal is to hunt these elusive creatures and retrieve the tags. The one with the greatest number of tags at the end of the competition will receive a reward from the royal family itself.” The last part of the statement stirred up the nobles. They all knew how generous King Alvis was, based on the previous awarding ceremonies held in the capital. “Enjoy the hunt,” said the king. “And good luck!” The hunting competition began. For several hours, the nobles participating in the competition delved into the forest, accompanied by a single guard. Although the foxes weren’t a threat, the five red boars were capable of killing even a veteran soldier. On the other hand, the female nobles gathered together over sweets and tea. While the males were busy with the hunt, the female nobles tried building connections with powerful individuals. They even invited Lady Ropianna, but the elderly female magician refused as she didn’t wish to leave the king’s side. The event went on for several hours. And when it was almost dusk, those who were participating in the hunt finally returned. The winner of the competition was a fat noble from a declining Barony. Judging by the bloodstains on his guard’s armor, it was apparent that he’d received some help to win the competition. But no one complained, nonetheless. Without anyone to monitor the forest, it was well-known that such things always happened during these competitions. Even the other nobles who’d lost received some help from the guards they’d brought. Only a handful of the nobles who participated didn’t pull off this kind of underhanded trick. Nevertheless, the king decided to reward the winner as promised. “Baron Cromwell, for winning this year’s hunting competition, the royal family bestows upon you the insignia of the silver arrow. A testament to your skills with the bow. Proof that you won the hunting competition,” said the king. Elias Farsight clicked his tongue. He looked at the beautifully carved insignia that was now pinned on the fat noble’s chest. Disgusted that someone so unworthy was receiving an arrow emblem. “Thank you, Your Majesty!” said Baron Cromwell. “This emblem shall become our family heirloom. A treasure we’ll pass from generation to generation.” The king was about to hand the monetary reward to the baron when suddenly, lightning flashed, and the sky rumbled. Tremendous pressure swept through the hunting ground. Elias Farsight pulled out his bow and nocked an arrow. He roared to the royal guards, “Protect His Majesty!” Farsight noticed before everyone else: massive clumps of mana had formed in the sky. So colossal that it even far exceeded the mana used to create the barrier currently enclosing the capital. The royal guards moved quickly to secure the king. Lady Ropianna cast several barriers around them and Marquis Carlos unsheathed his blade. “What is happening, Farsight?” said Lady Ropianna. The sky continued to rumble, as though it was going to be ripped apart at any moment. A pressure so massive that even the non-magicians could feel it had swept over the kingdom. Normal humans wouldn’t be able to see that thing in the sky. But Farsight could see it despite the distance. “It’s in the direction of Wizzert? No, it’s probably near the lake,” Farsight mumbled to himself. “What’s going on, Farsight?” Lady Ropianna raised her voice as she repeated the question. But Farsight didn’t answer. He channeled more mana into his eyes and was mesmerized by what he saw. “It’s beautiful,” he whispered. A vortex of lightning had formed right above the skies of the Lake of Full Moon. Judging by its size, it was probably as large as the lake itself. And inside this vortex, an azure sphere slowly emerged. The azure sphere glowed brightly for a moment, before receding inside the vortex. The vortex rapidly spun and slowly shrank, eventually disappearing from sight. The rumbling of the sky finally stopped, but the nobles were still rooted by fear on the ground. Lady Ropianna was about to ask Farsight about what he saw in the sky, when suddenly, her vision turned white. She felt something warm touching her face and neck, as though someone was embracing her body. The sensation was oddly familiar. It was the same sensation she always had when she was speaking with the Water God. ‘My child. As we’ve promised, we shall give a revelation when the time has come. The demon sealed in the ice prison has been set free. Seek the help of the one who traveled through time. It is the only future wherein the human race survives.’ And the vision ended. Lady Ropianna found herself standing on the hunting ground once again. She looked around and saw the nobles still rooted by fear on the ground. When her eyes met Priestess Thea’s, she realized that she was not the only one who received the message from the Water God. “You heard it too?” said Lady Ropianna. Priestess Thea slowly nodded her head, her face pallid from horror. “It’s the first time I’ve heard her voice. But somehow, I’m sure that it was her… God Nereus.” “And what did she say to you, Priestess?” “She told me”—Priestess Thea looked up at the sky—“to seek the help of the one who traveled through time.”