“William, prepare the carriage,” said Big Mona. “I shall depart for Blackstone Town right away.” His assistant, who was still pallid from terror over what Big Mona had done to the slave, strongly nodded his head. “Y-Yes! Right away!” After the assistant left the room, Big Mona spoke to the slave sprawled on the ground, “And you. Get out.” The slave grabbed the hem of her clothes and ran out of the room, as though afraid of Big Mona changing his mind. “Another recovery potion,” muttered Big Mona as he gazed at the pool of blood the slave had left behind. “A far stronger one at that.” The fat merchant went toward the mirror next to the desk, fixed his garb, and flashed a smile. He looked dashing today, he thought. Several knocks were heard on the door. The assistant said, “Sir, the carriage is ready.” Big Mona cast one last look at the mirror, before leaving the merchant guild. “To Blackstone Town,” the fat merchant instructed the coachman. Big Mona was about to mount the carriage when suddenly, lightning flashed, and the sky rumbled. The horses neighed and thrashed about. Big Mona took several steps back, narrowly evading a kick in the stomach from one of the horses. “What’s happening?” said Big Mona. All of the passersby on the street were struck by terror as the heavens continued to rumble. Most of them were staring at the lightning that continued flashing in the sky, while some rushed inside the nearest house they could find. The rumbling of the sky was so loud that it muffled the screams from the terrified citizens, the sound of bawling children, and the neighing of horses. Moreover, an inexplainable, tremendous pressure swept over Lion City. “W-What the hell is that?” Big Mona’s eyes widened when he saw the vortex of lightning in the sky. Judging by its direction, it seemed to have appeared right above the monster-infested lake. Inside the vortex of lightning, an azure sphere slowly emerged. It was definitely massive, for them to see it all the way here in Lion City. Eventually, the azure sphere receded, and the lightning vortex dissipated. The rumbling of the sky stopped and the massive pressure that had swept over the entire city vanished along with it. The citizens who’d witnessed the phenomenon started talking among themselves. Soon, buzzing and murmurs filled the streets. Big Mona looked at the merchants guild. His merchant’s intuition was telling him that now wasn’t the best time to go to Blackstone Town—to stay in the city. “My gut has never been wrong before,” he mumbled. After pondering over it, Big Mona had decided. He went inside the guild and gathered the shadows that had been protecting the merchants guild for years. The same people who guarded him back when he first negotiated with Lark Marcus. “You called for us, sir?” said the leader of the group. “You saw the sky, didn’t you? It’s in the direction of the Lake of the Full Moon. Investigate what happened.” “As you wish.” The shadows bowed their heads and disappeared from sight. Big Mona leaned on his chair and sighed. He really had a bad feeling about this. The scary thing was his gut feeling was always right. Half a day after receiving their orders, the shadows returned and gave their report. Big Mona hadn’t expected them so soon. Something must have happened—and he was right. When he received their reports, Big Mona was horrified. “A horde of monsters?” said Big Mona in disbelief. “Yes, sir. And it’s several times larger than the wave that attacked the city two weeks ago.” “It doesn’t make sense! It’s not even a full moon! Why are monsters coming out of the lake? Right in the middle of the day!” said Big Mona. According to his men, the monster horde easily passed the thirty thousand mark. It was almost ten times the number of monsters that attacked Lion City the previous month. Big Mona remembered how the monsters destroyed a portion of the merchants guild back when they managed to breach the walls. They even broke through the underground basement and damaged several treasures kept inside. “It’s not even a full moon,” Big Mona muttered to himself. “Is it related to that thing we saw in the sky?” The fat merchant was certain that this was the first time something like this happened. Although the city was currently protected by the magic towers built by Lark Marcus, Big Mona doubted they would be enough against the current monster horde. Big Mona wondered if that damnable Valcres was somehow responsible for this. He’d already told that fool to stop poking the hornet’s nest. That it would be better to leave the adamantite vein underneath the lake alone. What if this happened because the city lord kept sending his men to that lake? “Valcres sent more than a hundred soldiers to the lake before,” said Big Mona. “What happened to them?” “Most of them are dead,” said the leader of the shadows. “But we spotted a few scouts who managed to escape. The city should hear of this news soon.” A shout was heard outside the room. It was the administrative assistant. “Sir! It’s terrible!” Although the assistant entered the room without even knocking, the shadows managed to conceal themselves on time, disappearing the moment the young man entered the room. “You’re too loud,” spat Big Mona. “What is it?” “Sir! Monsters! Tens of thousands of them!” Although the assistant barely made sense, Big Mona easily understood what he meant. After all, he’d already received this news from his men. The assistant moved his hands animatedly as he added, “Monsters are coming out of the lake! I heard that there are more than thirty thousand of them. They’re coming here as we speak! The city will be overrun at this rate!” Unlike the first time, Big Mona was calm. “What about the soldiers?” “I believe Commander Daltos and his soldiers are currently headed toward the western gate.” The city bells rang outside. They heard several shouts, probably people panicking upon hearing the news of the incoming monster invasion. “Sir, we should evacuate the city while we still have time,” said the assistant, his voice pleading as tears started forming in the corners of his eyes. “And what? Leave all of the treasures stored underground?” Big Mona glared at the young man. “We can just load them on the carts!” “Imbecile! There are treasures in the underground chamber that are impossible to move freely. Some of them are bound by spells to protect them from thieves. Are you telling me that we should leave all of those behind?” roared Big Mona. The very thought of leaving all of those treasures behind filled him with wrath. It had taken him decades to acquire that much wealth—and yet, it’s still nothing compared to the Vont Family that ruled over the merchants guild in the capital. “We can just come back for them later, sir! Your life, our lives, should be our priority!” “Enough! I’m not leaving them behind. Although we fortified the underground chamber with thick iron doors, I have no intention of letting those monsters come and go freely in my merchants guild. I am staying here.” “But, sir—” “William, contact the mercenary guild. Five gold coins. Tell them that I am willing to pay each mercenary five gold coins each if they help repel this monster invasion.” Although the sword saint was no longer here to lead the mercenary guild, the former vice leader who took over his role was said to be as strong as Commander Daltos. Moreover, the mercenaries under his command were experienced with monster subjugation. Although it would cost him an exorbitant price, it was still better than losing the treasures in the underground chamber. Big Mona knew that now wasn’t the time to scrimp with the city’s defenses. “And tell those fools in the Tower of Pollux. It’s about time they help with the defense of this city. Although they’re weaker than the magicians of Wizzert, they should be useful enough in defending the city. Tell their master that I’m willing to give him a few middle-grade mana stones in exchange for their participation.” “Understood!” By this point, the assistant had already given up on convincing Big Mona to evacuate the city. He realized that the fat merchant would rather die here than leave all of his wealth behind. Big Mona gritted his teeth. If only the City Lord was capable, he wouldn’t have to spend this much gold and mana stones. “I swear, if Valcres is the cause of all this mess, if this happened because he kept poking his nose on that adamantite vein!” The City Lord was probably hiding again inside his castle right now, waiting for the storm to pass. Back in his younger years, Valcres was an exemplary leader. He was the reason Lion City grew into the city it was today. But alas, those days had come to pass. Now, he was nothing but a shell—an incompetent one—of his prime. Big Mona went toward the western gate. As expected, hundreds of soldiers were already there, ready to cut down any monsters that would be able to breach the walls. The archers on the battlements were accompanied by several foot soldiers. By now, they were already accustomed to the patterns of attacks of the gorilla-frog monsters who could climb over the walls. This time, the soldiers had come up with tools to push the monsters off the walls. Below the walls were Commander Daltos and his men. The soldiers in front held large spiked iron shields, while those at the back were holding spears. Big Mona also saw several carts moving toward the magic towers scattered throughout the city. They unloaded crates filled with kalrane stones, ready to replace the ones used by the magic towers once the battle went on. The mercenaries, led by their new leader, Kain, also arrived. They exchange several words with Big Mona, before eventually assuming defensive formations near the wall. “Mona, this will soon become a battlefield,” a hoarse voice said. “Go back. Hide in a safe place.” Big Mona looked for the source of the voice and saw the Master of the Tower of Pollux, along with several dozen magicians. This was the first time these men were participating in the city’s defense. It seemed that even their master couldn’t resist the middle-grade mana stones Big Mona offered. “I plan on hiding, of course,” said Big Mona. “I simply came to check on the city’s defenses. With all of these soldiers, mercenaries, and magicians defending the western gate, it seems that there’s no longer a need for me to evacuate the city.” The Tower of Pollux’s master’s face was grim. “Mona, do you know why we decided to come out of the tower and participate in the defense of the city this time?” It’s because of the middle-grade mana stones promised as a reward, right? thought Big Mona. As though reading what was on Big Mona’s mind, the master shook his head and said, “The mana stones are enticing, but that’s not it. Mona, you saw the thing in the sky, didn’t you?” “The huge sphere that appeared in the sky several hours ago.” The master nodded. “It resembles the thing described in our books. A portal. And judging by the size, it’s definitely one that connects our realm to another.” The hair on Big Mona’s nape rose upon hearing this. He finally realized why these magicians who usually secluded themselves in their tower came out to help defend the city. The monsters were one thing. But if the sphere that appeared in the sky several hours ago was indeed a portal to another realm… Big Mona couldn’t even imagine the fate that awaited Lion City. “The portal closed as soon as it opened,” said the master. He stroked his ashen beard. “I wonder. Opening and closing a portal that big is no trivial matter.” The bells of the city rang once again. The monsters were finally spotted on the outskirts of Lion City. *** Lark flew out of the window of his office the moment he felt the massive clumps of mana in the sky. When he saw the lightning vortex in the sky and the sphere that emerged from it, his eyes widened. It was a portal. There was no doubt about it. But peculiarly, the portal closed the moment it opened, as though someone on the other side had been controlling it. Several thoughts started running through Lark’s mind. Why did the portal close as soon as it opened? Where was the portal connected to? Unless they’d made preparations beforehand, closing something that big was no easy feat, even for him. The small communication crystal tied on Lark’s neck glowed softly for a second and a familiar voice was heard. “God Evander, are you alright? Should we fly straight to Blackstone Town right now?” It seemed that even the Scylla felt the massive clumps of mana despite its distance from Blackstone Town. The amount of mana that swept through the kingdom when the portal appeared was so large that even the non-magicians felt it. “Hey, why are you the only one talking to him?” “That’s right! Look at what you did! You ruined our very first message!” “I won our competition fair and square! So, shut it!” “What competition? You won only one out of the three!” “This damn cheater! I’ll bite your head off!” Using draconian language, the Scylla’s heads bickered with each other. “I am fine,” said Lark. All seven heads shut their mouths and listened attentively to Lark. “There’s no need to come to Blackstone Town. I’ll fly over to where that thing appeared and check it myself.” “But it might be dangerous!” “Please at least take us with you!” “That’s right, God Evander! Please let us accompany you!” “Also… We’ve recently made a very comfortable chair befitting God Evander! You can use it while you ride on top of my head!” Lark smiled. He could only imagine how odd it would look. “Top of your head? What are you saying to God Evander? We’ve all agreed that it’s better for him to ride on top of our body! It’ll be more comfortable that way!” “Everyone, calm down. You are being disrespectful to our God.” With those words, the Scylla once again quieted down. Lark said, “If my hunch is correct, the thing that appeared in the sky is a portal. Judging by its size, it could be connected to the continent of Marut, or worse, to the Demon Realm.” “Demon Realm,” repeated the Scylla. “Then… are demons invading the kingdom?” “It’s unlikely.” Lark shook his head. “The amount of time the portal was open was too short. Although I still don’t know why a portal opened right above the Kingdom of Lukas, it’s impossible for a demon army to cross over to this place in such a short period of time. I’ll check it all by myself. Blackie, while I’m gone, please watch over Blackstone Town.” “Understood, God Evander.” “Thank you,” said Lark. Lark deactivated the communication crystal. After leaving a note on his desk informing Gaston that he would be gone for a short period of time, he flew up and shot toward the portal. 