	Empires, kingdoms, countries. Throughout history, there have been more empires than trees in the forest, more kingdoms than pieces of sand throughout all the beaches, and more countries than stars in the sky.
	Some empires can be said to have stood above the rest, being remembered long past their times because their achievements produce awe, wonder, or interest to those with the resources to record such things. The Unforetold Empyrean was one such empire.
	With the real name lost in time, the only reason all records of it haven’t been forgotten and left to rot away can be attributed to the reason behind its namesake; Unforetold.
	Empires don’t just appear out of thin air. Most take generations of consistent geniuses that come to power, and slowly expand either an already existing country or kingdom, and turn it into their own empire.
	The more rare, and notable empires start with a single unparalleled man who does in one generation what others take multiple. Yet these empires naturally quickly fall apart once that single anchor falls; for, no matter how powerful, time cares not how unparalleled one is, under its influence, all are mortals.
	The Unforetold Empyrean directly breaks these points of common sense. It developed into an empire class nation within such a short period of time that it’s beginnings were never properly recorded.
	To someone who didn’t understand how centuries could pass in a few pages of records, they would assume this empire came to be within a day. This already shows the accuracy of its name, yet no part of The Unforetold Empyrean's story seems to deviate from namesake.
	The empire was ruled by one man from start till finish; The Unforetold Emperor, however, its lifespan as an empire lasted generations. Unlike some other cases of obvious and apparent fraud where a ruler was made out to be immortal for a variety of reasons, those all have significant holes that future historians with sufficient connections and resources can see.
	For the Unforetold Emperor though, it would take more energy to prove he was not immortal, or at the very least, was an elf in disguise rather than a human. It’s unbelievably abrupt beginnings and mysterious emperor are just two of the unusual aspects of this ancient empire. 
	With so many mysteries, anyone below a well connected historian would view The Unforetold Empyrean as a legend or myth. Yet for those with enough resources, they knew the empire had once existed.
	Not all the stories around this empire can be trusted, but enough can, and it sends a chill down the spines of those who understand the simple fact that an empire doesn’t make its mark on history cleanly.
	The larger and more powerful empires don’t get where they are through writing their place with ink on the pages of history, but through soaking it in blood, and burying it in bones. Meaning, The Unforetold Emperor single-handedly ordered enough death and cruelty to rule his empire across generations.
	Yet The Unforetold Emperor isn’t who these historians dread the most. The Unforetold Empyrean didn’t just have one Immortal, but two; The Advisor. 
While it is indeed awe-inspiring for a man to have the strength needed to do what’s needed to keep an empire stable, even more so for such a long period of time, that’s in line with an emperor. Another role is also crucial for an empire, some say even more so than the emperor himself; the executioner.
The Advisor was his official title, yet most records hold him in fearful respect as The Shadow. Always behind his liege like his shadow, ready to slaughter his enemies, and potential enemies to the last woman and child.
It is admirable to have the strength of will to order the deaths of uncountable amounts of people to keep an empire stable, but it is horrifying to imagine what kind of monster would be able to do it all personally without going insane.
For while it would be one thing if The Shadow was only the monster The Unforetold Emperor kept under lock and key until he unleashed it on his enemies like a rabid dog, The Shadow was only called so because his other roles didn’t create such an uncountable amount of bodies.
An advisor true to his name, it was hard to find a decision The Unforetold Emperor made which didn’t have his metaphorical shadow behind it. Which then brings the question, what kind of being could hold up an empire across generations with its own blood-soaked hands, and still rule it, yet chose not to?
