The early morning tavern air smelled clean to Simon as he drank his tea. The last night rush resulted in most of its inhabitants with hangovers, and other leftover effects that come from a night of debauchery.
The three of them sat at a table enjoying the tavern's cheap breakfast while waiting for the last member of their little group. Simon’s wife, Clare, was seated next to him, having already finished her food, and seemingly about to jump out of her chair with impatience to travel through a land of death and despair, much to Simon's continued vexation.
Samira, on the other hand, had also finished her small amount of food, but in contrast to Clare, it looked like she was meditating in her chair with her hood hanging over her eyes in her constant state of subtle indifference Simon believed was trained over time instead of natural.
Looking at his wife, Simon felt a sudden need to ask for clarification, “So… are you sure that guy didn’t just misspeak when he told you about this place existing? Isn’t the common theory that the Deadzone was the result of the ancient emperor's death causing the area's magic to go weird?”
Slightly rolling her eyes at Simon’s near fiftieth time questioning her sources, Clare could only answer her husband with a slight exasperation in her voice, “I told you already, he didn’t tell me anything, I went through a guy I know, and found some records that seemed reeeally old.
“In them, it seems to point at all of that having started in a tomb near the center of the Deadzone itself.” After a moment of staring at her, Simon replies in a theatrically genuine tone.
“Yeah sure… but what if he was mistaken when he told you that? Maybe we should just, you know, go another place near the edge like last time.” Then a bit after he continued in a slightly anxious voice.
“I mean, I’m sure there would still be something interesting right? It’s not like those stories where the most valuable treasures are hidden behind certain death! I am positive that what we find near the edge is just as interesting as what is at the center of that land of death and despair.”
On and on he went. Clare kept putting up a face of listening, but they both knew this was just Simon’s daily ‘please don’t jump in lava’ speech which he has been zealously preaching since she had brought up her wish to take their team to the center of the Deadzone.
It was near the end of Simon’s morning sermon that the final member of their team bumbled his way down the stairs, and slowly made his way to the table his team were occupying. As Clare and Simon were still playing out their skit, only Samira noticed the woman who came out coincidentally at the same time as their team member with a face only an observant woman would notice had a slight blush to it.
After he had finally made it to his seat after waking up a bit on the way over, Eric finally noticed how Samira was staring at him while shifting her gaze in another direction every so often. It only took him a moment to realize who would be in that direction, however, he still held some hope and so turned his head slightly to see who it was.
To his chagrin, who was there was looking at him at that time as well, and gave him a slightly embarrassed but alluring smile when she noticed his gaze from her table. And so trying his best to give his characteristic charismatic and confident smile he always had when he was on the hunt, Eric tried his best to not let his thoughts show on his face as he turned his head back.
Fuck! How many times have I thought of showing off my virtuous side in front of Samira to get some goodwill but this always happens! Every time… Maybe I should just stop drinking on missions when she is around…
Seemingly looking into his thoughts by still staring at him after he turned around, Eric went to his only saving move in that situation; distraction, “So, Clare... this place we're heading to, mind telling us what you think is there again?”
With Eric interrupting Simon’s near begging at that point, Clare uses it as an excuse to happily ignore what her husband is saying, “Yes! Well, I already told you before but-..." “I forgot, let’s just go over it again so we all have a reminder.”
Not even skipping a beat so her husband can’t get a word in Clare started again, “Your right! That is a good idea, so… let’s start with the background.” Clare then continued her explanation after taking a breath.
“It is a commonly held belief that the Deadzone was created when an ancient emperor who was a powerful death wizard died, and released all his power upon his death causing what we now see the remnants of today. However, according to what I have found through a source of mine, this seems to only be part of the story.
“In reality, the cause of all the dead rising doesn’t seem to be caused by anyone’s death specifically, but instead by a tomb which right before the incident was the target of a massive collaborative action made by many powerful entities to find something within the tomb.
“Something went wrong, however, and this resulted in the massive invasion of a unique version of undeath which acted more like a disease instead of how the practice of death magic is commonly thought of as.
That said, what I had read thought what had happened was intentional, but it never went into its reasoning behind that belief.” Having said that, Clare stopped for a moment and then went to continue when suddenly a voice next to her cut in before she could.
“Hold up! I don’t remember you mentioning that last part! What is this about it being intentional? Someone created the Deadzone, and you still want us to head to where whoever did that set everything off?!?”
To Simon’s outburst, Clare sighed slightly in exasperation as she explained herself, “I didn’t mention it because they gave no reasoning or evidence. Even if someone did create the Deadzone however, they would be long dead as even most of the undead within the Deadzone itself have decayed away over the years.”
 Seeming to have found something, Simon quickly responded, “This is someone who could create the Deadzone though! For all we know he turned himself into a lich, and we’re about to just walk right into his house!”
In response to Simon’s point, Clare seemed to have decided to play Simon at his own game, “You’re right… Maybe whoever created the Deadzone turned themselves into a lich, and is just waiting for a group of adventurers to randomly walk into his tomb of a home for him to eat!”
To his wife’s theatrically childish speech, Simon could only helplessly smile instead of continuing the argument. After all, they both knew that Simon truly didn’t mean any of his complaints. At least, in the sense that he would act on any of them.
Simon loved his wife, and while he truly wished she didn’t take so many risks, he wouldn’t have married her if she didn’t have such an adventurous spirit. He especially wouldn’t fund an entire team of adventurers with what little income they had if he didn’t fully support his wife’s longing for adventure.
That said, he really didn’t feel the best about where they were planning to go. He wouldn’t normally complain as much, even if it’s obviously just at the surface level, yet this mission did have him slightly worried, and feeling a bit overprotective.
Watching the arguing couple which Eric felt he had witnessed do this too many times on this mission so far, he tried to get things moving again, “Right, right. So we’re going to an ancient tomb which is the source of a zone of death which spans hundreds of miles, to find what exactly?”
Turning her gaze back over to Eric, Clare continued without looking back at her husband, “Well, I am not sure exactly, but from what I can tell this tomb was the final resting place of a very important individual.
“Somewhat apparent from what I mentioned before about what led to the Deadzone’s creation, whatever they were after was obviously never taken by them as it is doubtful they could have escaped what basically no one could even for those near the edges of the Deadzone.
“After so many years, while some things may still be functioning, I believe the main problem will still be the remaining undead rather than the tomb itself. Meaning, if we can get past that then whatever all those ancient and powerful entities went through all the effort to acquire might still be there...”
While the pitch was a good one for stoking one’s greed, Simon, as Clare’s husband, seemingly finished his wife’s thinking after she stopped talking, “...And, even if after all these years someone else figured this out and took the treasures already, going there might give you some clues on how the Deadzone came to be.”
In response, Clare could only coquettishly glance at her husband while saying some slightly ambiguous words, “Well… Sometimes the journey can be more worthwhile than the destination.”
With such words coming from his own wife’s mouth, Simon almost spat out his coffee. Samira had enough tact to not let anything show on her face, but Eric on the other hand fully enjoyed the moment of his friend’s pain by heartily laughing in schadenfreude at the other man’s embarrassment.
